my name is Jackson Norris today will be
the most important of my career my final
interview with the most infamous
prisoner in America a man that the world
thought was a terrorist called the
Mandarin but is now alleged to be
nothing but an actor thus far the
subject has been evasive and apparently
oblivious to the point of my work in
fact he seems oblivious to pretty much
everything except his own growing
celebrity because now the whole world
knows his name this is my last chance to
get beyond his lies and excuses to
confront the subject with elements of
his own past in order to unlock the
truth because we need to know once and
for all who is Trevor Slattery
bloody ha exactly the risk